First package split in dvote-js (#73)
vocdoni/dvote-js: packages/common/README.md

# @vocdoni/common

> @vocdoni/common is the common package of the [dvote-js library](https://github.com/vocdoni/dvote-js/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@vocdoni/common contains shared helpers, models and type definitions for the [dvote-js library](https://github.com/vocdoni/dvote-js/)
```
